== Overview ==

The '''FancyBoxThumbs''' extension displays thumbnailed images in a Mac-style "lightbox" that floats overtop of web page. This can create a more user friendly environment, where the user doesn't leave the page every time they click a thumbnail.

[http://gilluminate.com/mediawiki/index.php?title=Main_Page Example]

== Version 2.0 ==

* Version 2 was completely re-written. 
* Takes advantage of [http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/ResourceLoader ResourceLoader]
* Makes better use of JQuery for the URL rewrite.
* Upgraded to [http://fancyapps.com/fancybox/#news fancyBox v2]
* Provides ability to customize [http://fancyapps.com/fancybox/#docs fancyBox options]

== Licenses ==
This Extension is released under the [http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html GPLv3] license.

This project includes fancyBox JQuery Extension
fancyBox is licensed under [http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/ Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 3.0] license.
You are free to use fancyBox for your personal or non-profit website projects. 
You can get the author's permission to use fancyBox for commercial websites by [http://fancyapps.com/store/ paying a fee].

== Installation ==
# [https://github.com/gilluminate/FancyBoxThumbs/archive/master.zip Download the .zip file]
# Extract the files to your <code>extensions</code> directory
# Rename <code>gilluminate-FancyBoxThumbs-xxxxxx</code> to <code>FancyBoxThumbs</code>
# Add to the end of [http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Manual:LocalSettings.php LocalSettings.php]: <pre>require_once("$IP/extensions/FancyBoxThumbs/FancyBoxThumbs.php");</pre>
# Installation can now be verified through <code>Special:Version</code> page on your wiki

== Options ==
You can set [http://fancyapps.com/fancybox/#docs fancyBox options] by setting a <code>$fbtFancyBoxOptions</code> variable in [http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Manual:LocalSettings.php LocalSettings.php] ''after'' setting the <code>require_once</code> above.

For example:

<pre>require_once("$IP/extensions/FancyBoxThumbs/FancyBoxThumbs.php");
$fbtFancyBoxOptions = '{"openEffect":"elastic","closeEffect":"elastic","helpers":{"title":{"type":"inside"}}}';</pre>
